About PurpleFront Technologies:
We are a 11-year-old, custom web app and mobile app development company, working on cutting edge technology to build solutions for both enterprise and MSME consumers.
We have built over 100+ apps ranging from Mobile wallets, ecommerce platforms, sales trackers across the globe.
We move fast and with very low overheads.
We have 120+ successful engagement, with more than 50+ satisfied clients.

Services offered by PurpleFront Technologies:
What we do:

	Product Development: We develop web and mobile applications for small and mid enterprises, and startups across the variety of industries

	IT Operations: We provide IT operations including DevOps, Quality assurance, Release and deployment, Infrastructure operations

	IT Management: We provide IT management including SalesForce, CRM/SCM management, server management, database management, application management.
What Makes PurpleFront Unique: 
	We provide on demand product development.
	We provide value for time and money.
	Our models are customizable as per your requirements.
	We manage our resources for you.
	We partner with our clients.

PurpleFront Technologies Leaders:
	Mr. Jagan Girisaballa (COO): Mr. Jagan Girisaballa, is the respected COO of PurpleFront Technologies.
After an illustrious career of more than two decades as an Indian Naval Officer, Mr. Jagan joined PurpleFront as Chief Operating Officer (COO).
A passionate technology adaptor, he has worked on cutting edge technology projects and brings in hallmark qualities like sound organizational and man management skills, exemplary ethics, and leading the team from front.
	Mrs. Meena Girisaballa (CEO & Founder): Meena has been a tech leader, hands-on-architect and comes with a very Enterprise Development background. 
Worked in silicon valley for ober 12 years with larger organization like Oracle, Intuit, Cognizant and also has startup experience up her portfolio. 
Her ethics and quality are of high standards and values, which has been deep seeded into the company she has built.
